Mayank  [
    11: 03 PM
] One-sided love is extremely painful. Its will haunt you till lifetime with other person don’t giving damn shit to it [
    11: 04 PM
]Try to give as much as possible to others, since you understand the pain of not receiving anything [
    11: 08 PM
]Be good and kind with other people. Try to say Thank you, even ready to say sorry even though it is not your fault, since god is seeing everything, and try to do justice accordingly (edited)  [
    11: 09 PM
]Value people Mayank  [
    11: 16 PM
] Try to stay away from girls having many guy friends, and keep them just as friendzone. Since they don’t understand the feeling or pain that guy might go through, taking advantage of whoever is easily available for them (edited)  Mayank  [
    9: 18 AM
] You are all alone bro, there is nobody going to stand by you in your tough phase [
    9: 21 AM
]If you have a feeling against someone, then it’s better to say it as soon as possible. If you delay, then someone else might grab that opportunity and you will regret about the same till your lifetime. (edited)  [
    9: 23 AM
]Once a trust is broken, it’s very difficult to build it back, how much hard you try Even though, you did so much of good things for that person, it’s just take a single thing to break things up. Once it’s broken, it can’t be rebuilt  (edited)  Mayank  [
    10: 39 AM
] Once girl have made up her mind against something particular, no matter how much you try it is very difficult to change her perspective against that thing, how much hard you try you can’t make her understand that she was wrong (edited)  Mayank  [
    7: 46 PM
] Mostly girls donot value for the guy who put lot of efforts for her. Instead she value for guy who is sort of good looking, dominating sort of. Then her trust break happens, so based on after that mostly then she go for guy who value her and in her support during the bad times.   But some of them, after that donot want to any chance to anyone, since she is done with love and all and have no faith on this wonderful energy of the worldMayank  [
    8: 44 PM
] Try to give as much as love you can to the people around you, since there is nobody out there in today’s world who is not selfish, except few. You try to become that person who is selfless, since you deeply understand other people’s pain Mayank  [
    11: 11 PM
] Best way to be happy is to try to give out as much as possible from your end without expecting anything in return Mayank  [
    7: 32 AM
] It hurt a lot, when you put so much effort for a girl and is willing to compromise things for her even, but in return what you get rejection from her. Not even a chance to prove himself [
    7: 33 AM
]Be always kind, caring, respectful with other person, even though they are rude, behave badly with you (edited)  Mayank  [
    7: 58 AM
] Ideally, boys don’t get affected by 99% of the problems. But that 1% of the problem, that is sometime so big enough for them that they are never able to forget that and carry that trauma till their whole lifetime Mayank  [
    8: 06 AM
] When the decisions are related to impact your whole life, like for eg finding ideal partner for you, take it slowly, rather than doing it in hurry. People are sometimes so blind enough in the love, and take such decisions in hurry, without taking consultation from their parents even, and then later regret their decision Mayank  [
    10: 01 AM
] Being silent and taking your time slowly to evaluate the situation, when your are in anger is best solution [
    10: 04 AM
]You should be understanding enough, thinking about the other’s person perspective also in the mind, when speaking something. You don’t know what might hurt them out, or also what situation that person is going through evenMayank  [
    10: 11 AM
] Boys are sometimes so mad at love, like they are willing to sacrifice, compromise things for a girl he love so much, even by knowing that she can’t be her, leaving in that false hope world, and not able to accept that and move on from that [
    10: 14 AM
]Boys can leave alone without any roommate/flatmate even Most girls need a roommate/flatmate to live along withMayank  [
    10: 22 AM
] We should be happy with whatever we have received in life and should be highly grateful for the same. They are many people out there who are earning way less than us, struggling to find place to live, food to eat, etc. and they are still happy with their life Mayank  [
    10: 35 AM
] 20-30 year is the difficult phase of a person life, where they need to struggle to get a good career, look after their health, build good life experiences, look after their parents, find out ideal partner for them, and many more … [
    10: 39 AM
]Don’t try to give any negative feedback, or any way to improve to other person. Everyone has their own nature, so learn to accept by that [
    10: 41 AM
]Try to give appreciations to people, even for the smallest to smallest value they have added to your life, this small kind gesture of yours might make their day Mayank  [
    10: 49 AM
] Try to take as much as less as possible from others, since you will need to pay for the same in some form or other. Rather be the one, who is ready to give as much as possible to other, since the world is so kind enough to reward that person with much more for the sameMayank  [
    1: 54 PM
] The people who cannot say ‘No’ to people, and always say ‘Yes’, and is always pleasing with everyone, suffers the most eventually at the end, and with having no close friends even Mayank  [
    2: 03 PM
] Somethings are hard to digest and accept, even though that trauma will haunt you till rest of your lifetime, but you need to accept it and move on, life goes like that only bro [
    2: 07 PM
]To achieve something very big in life, you should be willing to sacrifice lot of things, since god wanted to test you out, whether you are capable of handling that thing, before giving that huge responsibility on your shoulder [
    2: 09 PM
]3 things are important to be happy in life- better money, health and relationship [
    2: 12 PM
]One thing that differentiates between Rich and Poor is only their mindset Mayank  [
    6: 40 PM
] Even though you might have done so much of good deed for other person, only one single bad thing is enough to destroy the relationship with other person, and that is only mostly going to be remembered, rather than the good things you did Mayank  [
    6: 50 PM
] Ego is one of the biggest enemy for a person. So, just let go by it if wanted to succeed in lifeMayank  [
    7: 43 PM
] People know the way, they are talking, behaving with you, might be something wrong you might have only done. So, try to understand their point of view, perspective on the same and accept it. [
    7: 44 PM
]Don’t try to force anything upon anyone, since everyone knows what is right, works best for them Mayank  [
    8: 21 PM
] If people want to talk to you, be friend with you, they will do so. You don’t always need to push conversation from your end only. Since claps is being played by both hand, rather than single hand. Because if you try to loose your self-respect everytime to keep the relationship going, it will eventually going to hurt you only at the end, and other person doesn’t even caring for the same. So, it’s better to then go past that relationship. In short-term it will give you lot of pain, but in long term will definitely benefit you. [
    8: 24 PM
]Childhood days were so good, tension free life, and parents always being present there to fulfil all your desires, demands, and always ready to support you in all your problem (edited)  Mayank  [
    8: 53 PM
] It is difficult to understand the pain, felling one goes through, until and unless one themselves experience the same (edited)  [
    8: 54 PM
]The real friends are the ones who are present during your downtime also. In your uptime, everyone is there [
    8: 55 PM
]It is easier to motivate and give knowledge to others. But when it comes to oneself it is difficult to do so Mayank  [
    9: 14 PM
] Nobody in the life is fully happy, even richest to richest people on the planet out there are unhappy with something, maybe personal life, having less friends or might be anything else [
    9: 16 PM
]Everything can come back to you in life, but once a trust is gone, how much hard you tried, it can never be rebuilt (edited)  [
    9: 17 PM
]You are the product of top 5 people in your surrounding. So choose these people very wisely Mayank  [
    9: 23 PM
] The people who are at the top, they are one who don’t get affected during uptime, downtime. They just live life in their zone, since they know that this too shall pass away. (edited)  [
    9: 26 PM
]Life is like a roller coaster ride, filled with lot of ups and downs, so you should be able to handle both ups and downs of it [
    9: 29 PM
]The people who are very silent are the most dangerous people out there, since most of them are highly overthinker. And when they burst out, it turns out to be extremely bad [
    9: 30 PM
]Overthinking, stress, fear, anxiety, etc. is the worst disease can say today current generation is experiencing [
    9: 32 PM
]People who are highly overthinker is also the one highly caring even Mayank  [
    10: 01 PM
] If you belongs to general category and is a male, then life is going to be very tough for you, with immense competition almost everywhere Mayank  [
    8: 26 AM
] It's better to experiment, try thing out, even though you know you might fail at it, rather than regretting about the same. Atleast you will learn something out there in the process Mayank  [
    6: 40 PM
] Girls like short term things and find happiness in that But boys like long term things and find happiness in that[
    6: 44 PM
]If a person is behaving completely differently from their usual nature, then there is something bad experience they might have had, because of which they are acting in that manner [
    6: 47 PM
]20-30 years is the best age to build lot of experiences, explore places, doing adventure in life and all, since you have lot of energy this time. With time gradually yours energy will become less, and then later in life you will regret about the same [
    6: 50 PM
]Try to keep yourself engage in some sort of activity or so, keep yourself busy, since empty mind is house of devil, when you are there in down phase of your life (edited)  Mayank  [
    6: 57 PM
] When you are broken up by one-sided love, then it’s easy to say things to others, but hard to implement though, keeping yourself engage in something or other, work so much upon yourself and become much much better version of yourself such that the other person who rejected you later on regret about their decision of rejecting you that they had the option but they rejected you that time [
    7: 01 PM
]Some people god bring in your life, just to teach you a life lesson, and when that job is done that person will also gradually go away from your life. How much hard you try, they will never come back [
    7: 04 PM
]People like to stay with people who don't give them pain firstly, and who gave pleasure secondly. So be that kind of person in someone life Mayank  [
    9: 18 AM
] Mostly people say that looks and all don't matter for them. But un-subconsciously, it do matter bro. Since from that only yours first impression is being made, and it need to be good enough to easily attract the other person out at the first glance. Otherwise it will be very difficult to attract the other person out for you Mayank  [
    10: 58 PM
] Sometime you need to suffer in life as a by-product of someone else fault, and that is hard to digest even that what wrong you actually did because of which you are suffering, even though it was not your fault [
    10: 59 PM
]Life is very hard enough bro If you not much strong enough, this world will take advantage of your this weakness Mayank  [
    11: 05 PM
] Most people in this world is selfish, they will talk to you, make good connection with you until you give or provide some value to them, but they is nobody going to stand by you when you need them during your down time, until and unless they are very very close enough to you, or they are that kind of people who give others without any expectation [
    11: 10 PM
]People mostly realise the importance of other person after their death only. Would not be it much better if they might have done so during their presence itself when they were living and spending time with them Mayank  [
    12: 53 PM
] If people like you, they will definitely find a way to find some time for you. If not, there will be just some excuses they will try to make out.Mayank  [
    1: 00 PM
] If people are replying to your message lately, then there is actually something fishy out there with the relationship you have with that person. Otherwise in modern era, everyone have mobile nearby with them to atleast react to your message Mayank  [
    1: 44 PM
] Action speaks louder than words So, perform the action, and let it speak out for you rather than you yourself speaking about itMayank  [
    2: 19 PM
] If that relationship is imp for you, but sometime it might get toxic even then many a times you need to surrender yourself to maintain that. You need to be mentally strong enough to do so, otherwise best choice is to leave it then and move forward in life Mayank  [
    2: 27 PM
] If you tell someone not to do something, then that person oppositely will most probably definitely do that thing Mayank  [
    2: 41 PM
] Greatest people are the one, who give or do things for others, since for oneself and your closeby ones generally most of them do it only [
    2: 43 PM
]You have 2 ears and 1 mouth, so speak less and listen more to be successful in life. You will learn a lot by just listening to people around you Mayank  [
    7: 39 PM
] Learn to life alone for sometime, to get the deeper understanding of your purpose of life Mayank  [
    8: 58 PM
] Best form of investment in your life is self-investment Mayank  [
    10: 28 AM
] If a person don't want to talk to you, you can understand the same from their body language, so it's then better not to force the same upon anyone [
    10: 31 AM
]Life is too short, so its better to live in the present, rather than thinking much about the past and future, since past is gone and can't be changed and nobody knows about the future [
    10: 33 AM
]If you want to go fast go alone, but if you want  to go far go together Mayank  [
    1: 19 AM
] Certain times people will not say no to you directly to hurt you. But will try to convey it indirectly, so notice that up and accept that thing Mayank  [
    2: 25 AM
] If you do good deed to people, then they are ready to stay and support you up during your down time [
    2: 30 AM
]People will not value even if you over care for that person. Once a girl have made up a mind against you then she is never going to come back to you [
    2: 32 AM
]Sometime you don't know but life will give you some unexpected situation and it is very difficult for you to get out from there Mayank  [
    9: 33 AM
] Non-verbal communication clears many thing out rather than verbal communication Mayank  [
    2: 55 PM
] I am currently a software engineer working in Bangalore, India I used to like and had a feeling against a girl in my office, but was not able to express it out to her, because of my shyness, introvert. She use to stay nearby the same pg I used to stay. and whenever ask earlier, I used to be her 1st priority. But, suddenly in between, she fall in relationship with another boy, who also stay in the same pg as mine, and work in same office even, whom she considered to be last priority among the 3 boys who stay at same pg and same office. Things was going on very well in 2024 year, we all 4 use to hangout, play games, and enjoy a lot together. But, suddenly in Feb 2025, she fall in love with that 3rd priority boy in her list and it was all secret to me and that 2nd boy, and they were in relationship for 3 month privately, and after that when they broke up in May 2025 then these people disclose this out to us, so then I and the 2nd boy were acting as intermediate handling these people, along with ourselves, firstly digesting that fact was only hard for us, since we 2 boy actually use to show lot of caring against that girl and it was clear also we all 3 boys had feelings against her, how come that 3rd boy came in between and it all started it is still a mystery for us. This fact till haunt upto date. After that incident, she made it clear out that she do not ever wanted to fall into this relationship and all thing, and will better do arrange marriage only. None have a clue, and even if we say about the relationship between them it will hard to believe for anyone out there who are in our close circle group. Even, other people in the office think and even told her ki sometime after their breakup in 2025 year that I used to like her, even though she doesn't have any feeling against me, and that she have made me clear as well even. So, this also use to affect her. In between also many other trauma, incidents happens in her life, like in month of October I and her ex-boyfriend get promotion, but she didn't, and many more were there. So, October-November also she was talking less with me after this. This year also, many other bad incidents happen with her. So, recently in December 2025, I decided to ask that girl out directly from myself only whether she like me or not, rather than some other person saying it out to her, knowing the fact that she have told me before as well that she have no felling against me then also, which was a big blunder from my end I would say since she wanted to end this cycle of love and all and again I started it back for her, which she do not wanted at all. After I said this out to her, few days after I was ready to restart the journey fresh with her, as if i was meeting her first time, she forgive me even for the bad karma I did that day and things was again going well it seems. In 22nd December her birthday was there, so I though it would be a good opportunity to make things good for her by giving a birthday surprise by calling her college, office friends who were in Bangalore to her pg at her birthday night. So I message one of her college friend, and her bestie to plan it out, but they told it out her and disclose everything, and she was like why I am still caring for her, and doing all this thing for her as if I am her boyfriend. Even, then also, she was coming and going in cab with me to the pg, but suddenly then one day, she told that from next day onwards I will go by moto only to office alone, so not sure why that sudden change happens. It bothered me, why that sudden change, the person who like people around her, wanted to go alone all of a sudden. Because of that my blood pressure started to fall, heartbeat drop drastically and it seems I donot have any energy left in body left to talk to anyone. I was only talking, if and only people initiated conversation with me. Even I was having suicidal thought even, that I ruin that chearful girl life, so there is no point of me living in this world. So, I was in full depression during the nest 3 days after this incident and it was almost clearly visible to everyone out in the office. So, on the 3rd day, I just message that girl and just wanted to talk or meet her, but she was not comfortable to do so now, even she lost the company hackathon that day and I disclose all my feelings to her that day about the 3 day depression I was having and all, but she responded very rudely that day, it further depressed me that day rather than helping me out. And after that day even the little bit of friendship which was there between us broke completely it seems, and she is trying to make me now feel the least important person in her life by completing ignoring me, behaving rudely with me, the person who once used to be 1st priority for her in 2024 year. The fact that she made all 3 of us introvert people extrovert, and taking all of us together, and try to make everyone happy till 2024 year, that girl have changed completely by the end by end of 2025 year as a person. Even her priority changes. It is all because of me, and ex-boyfriend only mostly I believe. Since she is having talk, and is at least good friend with that 2nd guy which was there. This hit me almost daily at night while sleeping, what wrong I did actually, that I have to face many of the consequences of the actions that were taken by other people (edited)  Mayank  [
    3: 02 PM
] I just talked to one of my office friend, and was felling good after that for few days, but again yesterday on 31st December, it hit me hard, when I came to know that she is leaving for her hometown on 1st. She is leaving without meeting with once even, like earlier, everytime she used to go, we used to atleast meet, gossip on random topic and then go. But this time it was different, she left just silently Mayank  [
    7: 34 PM
] It hurts a person from deep inside, when you the other person starts hating and leave you feel guilty, when you used to be the 1st priority for them. But, other person kya hin woh samjaga jo for their own happiness, dump you out, choose the other person over you, completely started to ignore you, making you feel useless as if you did nothing for them to make them happy You prioritise her above all, even yourself, but suddently that person leave you heartbroken from inside You crying at night daily, thinking what was wrong at me bro, why that person over me. Is something wrong with me. You started overthinking, don't having proper sleep, and without that person not even giving a shit to you, and leave their own life happily and peaceful by hurting you (edited)  Mayank  [
    2: 50 PM
] You can cry all the day along, asking for help, then also people will judge you stating ki you are weak everytime crying like a cry baby You are feeling lonely, with nobody to listen out to you. It is you and only you, who need to fight this tough battle, prove to the outside world ki you are strongest, even though you might be crying deeply within inside As a girl, you might have options to call someone to share your fellings with them to feel lighthen But, as a man, you have nobody out there to call to listen to you in your down phase[
    2: 54 PM
]You are always available, kind to other people out there, standing by their side, when they need you But, when the time came, they need just one black dot occasion to show their real face, leaving you left all alone shattered, ignored, making it seems ki you did nothing for them, you are very bad, creepy, useless etc. Why the current world don't value the kindness the person is showing ??Mayank  [
    10: 36 PM
] MEDSRX Mayank  [
    6: 57 AM
] Ho'oponopono - (sfti) sorry forgive thank you I love youMayank  [
    4: 44 PM
] Also, just wanted to say one thing, not sure, but still this guilt haunt me till now especially at the night time, And, It's completely fine will face it alone, will accept the complete blame as know after somedays, it will fade away gradually Extremely sorry for mistakes happened from me in the past & also being a villain, immature, non-understandable person in small 2% of the story of your life, who you all wanted ki better mera life main yeh aadmi nahi aata toh it might have been better, who is very bad at making & keeping up the friendship, isliya abhi tak I am not able to make even a single good friend in my life also. Since my childhood till college (age of 21) I spend most of time studying only, so donot spend time in making any friend when I get a job and started working then though ki will make some friends then and when made, then this and all incident happens. Might be mera life main woh likha hin nahi hoga, so therefore in the past few days even had work upon myself to become as much resilient, hard, detached, leaving many things, having felling of nothingness & to stay happy alone itself in life only. Nothing I change about the past though, only thing which is in the control and I can do is confess and accept my mistake, or give something in compensation for the same, and I would be highly obliged to do so even I also completely understand and accept the fact even that it is difficult to forget the past things, again restart it & have the same old bond/friendship back that we all use to have it in the past, like how happy we all use to be bask them that time in 2024 year. Don't know, yeh zindagi kab milega dobara, and not sure about any unexpected life event even. So, just before I die in life, I just don't wan't to carry this guilt/paap with me, so just a small humble request plz, if possible just can you plz sincerely accept my apology and maaf me for all the past bad karma/paap I had did, and nothing else I wanted. Extremely sorry again, forgive me, & Thank You Very Much !! (edited)  Mayank  [
    7: 05 AM
] Kuch pal ki toh yeh zindagi baki hain, since the day I will get to know she will marry to other person, I know that day I will become very weak, and not not able to handle that truama mentally and might died even because of that (edited)  [
    7: 08 AM
]I will be loyal & might even marry other person Since, will not have much energy left within me. I don't want to make that other person making all the effort, since I truly understand how bad it feels when you so much effort for something and donot get it.