how just from the mobile device a person is using, can we get to know the feeling of a person, how is is feeling
Tracking their activity, behaviour on using mobile device, like whether they are searching for some motivational video, seeing how to cope up with content, searching for such terms in their browser, their typing pattern comparison, other things, etc...
Using Keystroke Dynamics
when person is depressed, their typing speed slow down, & when anxious press backspace more often
App Usage Metadata
for eg- "doomscrolling" sad, breakup related reels in instragram late at night around 3 am is sign of depression
Search & Intent Sensing in browser
searching "how to forget someone," "feeling lonely," , "career failure" , etc. related in browser is also sign of depression
Creating Digital Biomarkers
 Circadian Rhythm Shift: for eg- earlier he used to sleep at 11 pm, but now online till late night 4 am, seeing this behaviour regularly
Social Withdrawal Index: whether he has start using lees of whatsapp, deactivate instragram, not receiving calls of others, etc., 
Typing: Irregularity in typing pattern
In Apple 'IOS", there is no such feature, which allow an external app to read other app data. Apple consider it as "spyware"
One feasible & legal way for it, creating a "Custom Keyboard"
can you help me designing a "Mood Algorithm" based on the same, where based on these some of the above parameters, and our AI algorithm is intelligent enough to calculate a "Mood_Score" & decide, whether the person is in depression or not
Logic Engine: For eg - If (mood_score<3) && (Time == "Late Night") ⮕ Trigger Notification.
If they are felling sad, gloomy, then send a small Happy Motivation Message notification to them somewhat like - "You are not Alone"
The Message: Don't send randomly. Use context.
For eg - If searching for ex: "Bhai, phone rakh aur gehri saans le. Tu isse behtar deserve karta hai. Main hoon na?"
For eg- If doomscrolling: "Bhai, 3 baj gaye hain. Kal office hai. So ja, subah uthkar career par focus karenge. Good night!"
and so on
Can ask for follow ups, like, do you want someone to listen to you, we are there up for you, and then they can talk to a Bro_AI_chatbot
[Available 14*7; Supporting, Train on Multiple Indian Local Language; Default - Hinglish (Train on Bro Language Code)]
Train on some Indian Consumer Data, along with global Consumer Data (on different local languages like Hindi, Bengali, Kannada, etc..)
Ask which language they are comfortable with (It can be 1st select question) and our AI can answer, talk to them in that their local language. 